tencent-pcp-623 (#1049)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/01-public-cloud/06-tke.md

5. A Route table set to accept external traffic, so that the nodes getting created in the associated subnets will have internet capability.

> 6. Create a security group for network security isolation.

Reviewer: @resmaa these prerequisites should not be in number order but instead as an ordered list.

> 6. Create a security group for network security isolation.

Reviewer: This is a very vague statement, and it might be best to remove it if we don't have specific guidance to offer. Otherwise it can lead to confusion.

> 7. Inbound traffic rules set to TCP protocol:Port 443, to IPv4 and IPv6 sources.

Reviewer 2: Should there be a space after colon?

> 7. Inbound traffic rules set to TCP protocol: Port 443, to IPv4 and IPv6 sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inbound traffic rule that allows the TCP/HTTPS protocol for port 443 from all IPv6 and IPv4 sources.
```

```

# Create a Tencent Cloud Account

Create a Tencent Cloud account in Palette from the Tenant Admin or Project Admin scope. To create the cloud account:

> 1. Log in to the Palette Management Console, and from the **Project**/**Tenant Admin Settings**, select the **Cloud Accounts** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the Palette and from the **Tenant Admin Settings**, select the **Cloud Accounts** tab.
```

> 2. Click **+ Tencent Account** to open the Cloud Account Creation wizard and fill in the following details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **+ Tencent Account** to open the cloud account creation wizard and fill in the following details:
```

    | **Secret Key**| The secret key of the Tencent cloud account.|
    

3. Click the **Validate** button to validate credentials.

4. Click **Confirm** button to complete the cloud account create wizard. 

> **Note**: The Cloud Account can be created during the first step of cluster creation, when you fill in the basic information by clicking the **+** next to **Cloud Account**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The cloud account can be created during the first step of cluster creation when you fill in the basic information by clicking the **+** next to **Cloud Account**. 
```

# Deploy a Tencent Cluster

The following steps need to be performed to provision a new TKS cluster:

1. Provide the basic cluster information such as:

>    * **Name**, **Description**, and **Tags**. Tags on a cluster are propagated to the VMs deployed on the cloud/data center environments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Name**, **Description**, and **Tags**. Tags on a cluster are propagated to the VMs deployed on the cloud or data center environments. 
```

>    * Select the desired [Tencent cloud account](/clusters/public-cloud/tke#createatencentcloudaccount). The Tencent credentials need to be preconfigured in the Project/Tenant Admin settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Select the desired [Tencent cloud account](/clusters/public-cloud/tke#createatencentcloudaccount). 
```
The later can be removed because it's a prerequisite stated earlier.

>    * Select the desired [Tencent cloud account](/clusters/public-cloud/tke#createatencentcloudaccount). The Tencent credentials need to be preconfigured in the Project/Tenant Admin settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Select the desired [Tencent cloud account](/clusters/public-cloud/tke#createatencentcloudaccount). The Tencent credentials must be pre-configured in the Project/Tenant Admin settings.
```

>   **Note**: The cloud account can be created during the cluster creation by clicking **+** next to the **Cloud Account**.

Reviewer: This can be removed. We already stated it.

    |**Parameter** | **Description**|
    |--------------|----------------|
    | **Region** | Choose the desired Tencent region where you <br /> would like the clusters to be provisioned.

>      | **SSH Key Pair Name**| Choose the desired SSH keypair. You must preconfigure SSH key pairs <br /> on TKS for the<br /> desired regions. The selected key is inserted into the provisioned VMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     | **SSH Key Pair Name**| Choose the desired SSH keypair. You must preconfigure SSH key pairs on TKS for the desired regions. The selected key is inserted into the provisioned VMs.
```
I'm not sure I understand why we have HTML breakpoints here.

>     | **SSH Key Pair Name**| Choose the desired SSH keypair. SSH key pairs <br />need to be preconfigured on TKS for the<br /> desired regions. The selected key is inserted into the VMs provisioned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | **SSH Key Pair Name**| Choose the desired SSH keypair. You must preconfigure SSH key pairs <br /> on TKS for the<br /> desired regions. The selected key is inserted into the provisioned VMs.
```

>     | **VPCID**|The ID of the Virtual Private Cloud that the stack is to be launched into. It must be in the specified region. All instances will be launched into this VPC. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **VPCID**|The ID of the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) that the stack is to be launched into. The VPC must be in the specified region. All cluster instances will be launched into this VPC. |
```

8. Review settings and deploy the cluster. Provisioning status with details of ongoing provisioning tasks is available to track progress.

> # Delete a Tencent Cluster

Reviewer: @resmaa take a peek at how I created Delete a Cluster for the AWS and Azure section [[Preview](https://deploy-preview-1058--docs-spectrocloud.netlify.app/clusters/public-cloud/aws/create-cluster#deletinganawsiaascluster)] [[PR](https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/pull/1058)]

Author: nice

    * Once all resources are successfully deleted, the cluster status changes to **Deleted** and is removed from the list of clusters.

# Force Delete a Cluster

In Tenant Admin and Project Admin scope, Palette allows you to force the deletion of a cluster that's been stuck in **Deletion** state for a minimum of **15 minutes**.

> ## To force delete a cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't need this heading anymore.

> You can force delete a cluster stuck in the **Deletion** state through the user interface. You can go for a force deletion of the cluster, only if it is stuck in a deletion state for a minimum of **15 minutes**. Palette enables cluster force delete from the Tenant Admin and Project Admin scope. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Tenant Admin and Project Admin scope, Palette allows you to force the deletion of a cluster that's been stuck in **Deletion** state for a minimum of **15 minutes**.
```

<WarningBox>

> If there are any cloud resources still on the cloud, you should clean up those resources before doing the force deletion. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If any resources remain in the cloud, you should clean them up before initiating a forced delete. 
```
